[docs] Add colocated tables to YSQL best practices (#19067)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/best-practices-ysql.md

For more details see, [build global applications](../build-global-apps).
{{</tip>}}

> ## Co-location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Colocation
```

> Colocated tables helps to optimize for low-latency, high-performance data access by reducing the need for additional trips across the network for small tables. It also reduces the overhead of creating a tablet for every relation (tables, indexes, and so on) and the storage for these per node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Colocated tables optimize latency and performance for data access by reducing the need for additional trips across the network for small tables. Additionally, it reduces the overhead of creating a tablet for every relation (tables, indexes, and so on) and their storage per node.
```

{{<tip>}}

> For more details see, [colocation](../../architecture/docdb-sharding/colocated-tables/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see [colocation](../../architecture/docdb-sharding/colocated-tables/).
```
